---
title: Legal notice
layout: article.hbs
---

# Legal notice

## Disclosure according to § 25 Media Law

Script'17 is a one day conference for JavaScript developers in Linz (Austria).

## Contact
ScriptConf.org
Sebastian Gierlinger
Peuerbachstraße 7
A-4040 Linz
office (ät ;-)) scriptconf.org

## VAT number

ATU68369213

## Field of activity:

Promotion for Script'17, a one day JavaScript conference, held in Linz (Austria).

## Disclaimer
With regard to the technical setup of the Internet we can not guarantee the authenticity, accuracy or completeness of any information provided. We assume no responsibility for the availability or the operation of scriptconf.org and its content.
Any liability for direct, indirect or other damages, regardless of its cause, arising from the use or non-availability of data and information provided on scriptconf.org, unless permitted by law.
The content of this website is protected by copyright. The information is intended only for personal use. Any other use, including the database storage, duplication and any form of commercial use, and disclosure to third parties - is prohibited without permission of the organization - even in parts or in edited form.

## Google Analytics

“This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.”
